NMS-15180: Review Enhanced Linkd and Topology Documentation (#5689)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/shell/introduction.adoc

= Shell Commands

> A number of Karaf Shell commands are available to help administer and diagnose issues related enlinkd and topology-map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number of Karaf Shell commands are available to help administer and diagnose issues related to enlinkd and the topology map.
```
Is "topology-map" a parameter?

Install the enhanced linkd shell commands:
[source, console]
feature:install opennms-enlinkd-shell

== opennms:generate-topology

Creates a linkd topology by protocol (cdp | isis | lldp | ospf | bridge | userdefined). Default: cdp.

> A full topology is created from the scratch including OnmsNodes, Elements, Links, SnmpInterfaces, IpInterfaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A full topology is created initially including OnmsNodes, Elements, Links, SnmpInterfaces, IpInterfaces.
```

> The topology is identified by category 'GeneratedNode'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GeneratedNode` category identifies the topology.
```

> Useful to test topology-map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> For more option get help:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more options, view the help:
```

[source, console]
ssh -p 8101 admin@localhost
help opennms:generate-topology

> 

Reviewer: Ok. Yes, it's just to remove an extra blank line.

> 

Author: This seems not working...I have committed the changes...but it shows as not resolved.

== opennms:delete-topology

> Delete generated topology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deletes the generated topology.
```

> The topology is identified by category 'GeneratedNode'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `GeneratedNode` category identifies the topology.
```

== opennms:enlinkd-snmp-collect

Collect enlinkd snmp data

[source, console]
SYNTAX
opennms:enlinkd-snmp-collect [options] trackerClass host.

> Tracker Classes Supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supported tracker classes:
```

> [source, console]

Reviewer: This content might be better in a table, rather than a console block.

		.1.3.6.1.2.1.14.10.1.3.10.1.0.2.0 (ospfNbrRtrId)= 10.0.0.2
		.1.3.6.1.2.1.14.10.1.1.10.1.0.10.0 (ospfNbrIpAddr)= 10.1.0.10
		.1.3.6.1.2.1.14.10.1.2.10.1.0.10.0 (ospfNbrAddressLessIndex)= 0
		.1.3.6.1.2.1.14.10.1.3.10.1.0.10.0 (ospfNbrRtrId)= 10.0.0.3

[source, console]
admin@opennms()> enlinkd-snmp-collect LldpRemTable clab-eos-ospf-s1
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.4.0.1.1 (lldpRemChassisIdSubtype)= 4 (macAddress)
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.5.0.1.1 (lldpRemChassisId)= 001c73717d99
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.6.0.1.1 (lldpRemPortIdSubtype)= 5 (interfaceName)
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.7.0.1.1 (lldpRemPortId)= Ethernet1
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.8.0.1.1 (lldpRemPortDesc)= s2 -> s1
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.9.0.1.1 (lldpRemSysName)= s2
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.4.0.2.1 (lldpRemChassisIdSubtype)= 4 (macAddress)
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.5.0.2.1 (lldpRemChassisId)= 001c73422183
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.6.0.2.1 (lldpRemPortIdSubtype)= 5 (interfaceName)
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.7.0.2.1 (lldpRemPortId)= Ethernet2
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.8.0.2.1 (lldpRemPortDesc)= s3 -> s1
.1.0.8802.1.1.2.1.4.1.1.9.0.2.1 (lldpRemSysName)= s3

[source, console]
admin@opennms()> enlinkd-snmp-collect Bridgease clab-eos-ospf-s1

> className Bridgease, not found a suitable collectionTracker~                                                                                                                             admin@opennms()> enlinkd-snmp-collect Dot1dBase clab-eos-ospf-s1

Reviewer: The second admin@opennms content (after the tilde) appears far to the right of the console text in the build version (see below). Should it be on its own line?
<img width="1245" alt="Screen Shot 2023-01-16 at 10 30 09 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59453630/212714377-92c23920-af7a-47b6-825d-c6c289ad8569.png">

Author: yeah this was a typo. I'm fixing in the incoming commit

.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.1.1 (dot1dBaseBridgeAddress)= 001c73ddd89b
.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.1.2 (dot1dBaseNumPorts)= 2
.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.1.3 (dot1dBaseType)= 2 (transparent-only)
.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.2.1 (dot1dStpProtocolSpecification)= null (other-vendor-specific)
.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.2.2 (dot1dStpPriority)= null
.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.2.5 (dot1dStpDesignatedRoot)= null
.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.2.6 (dot1dStpRootCost)= null
.1.3.6.1.2.1.17.2.7 (dot1dStpRootPort)= null

> For more option get help:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more options, view the help:
```

[source, console]
ssh -p 8101 admin@localhost

> admin@opennms()> help opennms:enlinkd-snmp-collect

Reviewer: in the previous help example for accessing the help (line 31), the second line was just the help command without the "admin@opennms" content do we need it here? It would be easier to just cut and paste the "help" command.

Author: I'm going to remove all the reference to admin@opennms()> for help
I'll mantain "admin@opennms()>" (Karaf shell prompt) only for example data.

== opennms:enlinkd-run-collection

> Execute a linkd snmp data collection over specified node and persist the data collected for the specified protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs an enlinkd SNMP data collection over a specified node and persists the data collected for the specified protocol.
```

[source, console]
SYNTAX
opennms:enlinkd-run-collection [options] protocol

[source, console]

> ARGUMENTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Includes the following required arguments and options:

[options="header", cols="1,3"]
|===
| Name
| Description

| protocol
| Type of protocol: cdp | isis | lldp | ospf | bridge 

| -n, --node
| Node ID or FS:FID
```

protocol
type of protocol (cdp | isis | lldp | ospf | bridge ).
(required)

[source, console]
OPTIONS
-n, --node
Node ID or FS:FID
(required)

> For more option get help:

Reviewer: @rssntn67 . I'm not sure what is happening, but this fix is not in the file. I pulled the content locally and built, and it's still the old material. 
```suggestion
For more options, view the help:
```

[source, console]
ssh -p 8101 admin@localhost

> admin@opennms()> help opennms:enlinkd-run-collection

Reviewer: Do we need to include (admin@opennms here?) See comment earlier and about line 31. Should be consistent for all three.

== opennms:enlinkd-discovery-bridge-domain

> Execute bridge topology discovery algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runs the bridge topology discovery algorithm.
```

== opennms:enlinkd-reload-topology

> Triggers a reload of the topology for all enabled protocols

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reloads the topology for all enabled protocols.
```

== opennms:enlinkd-reload

> Triggers a restart of the enlinkd daemon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Restarts the enlinkd daemon.
```

== opennms:enlinkd-reload-config

> Triggers a reload of configuration file and restart of the enlinkd daemon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reloads the configuration file and restarts the enlinkd daemon.
```
